docs: add ALPN section to TLS and link to inlined muxer negotiation (#662)
libp2p/specs: tls/tls.md

- `Secp256k1`: Only the compressed form of the public key. 33 bytes.
- The rest of the keys are encoded as a [SubjectPublicKeyInfo structure](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc5280.html#section-4.1) in PKIX, ASN.1 DER form.

## ALPN

> "libp2p" is used as the application protocol for [ALPN](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Application-Layer_Protocol_Negotiation).

Author: I've created https://github.com/libp2p/specs/issues/663 to make sure this doesn't get lost

> The handshake MUST be aborted if both peers can't agree on the application protocol.

Reviewer: This is underspecified. You should say: The server MUST abort if...

Author: How about:

> The server MUST abort the handshake if the client does not send a supported application protocol.

Reviewer: Sounds a bit like you're blaming the client for misbehaving, why not the slightly less accusatory:
> The server MUST abort the handshake if it doesn't support any of the application protocols offered by the client.

Author: Well the client did send the wrong thing 😜 

The amendment sounds fine though.

```suggestion
The server MUST abort the handshake if it doesn't support any of the application protocols offered by the client.
```
